Introduction
------------

This project provides a class that holds text.

Installation
------------

To install texthold, you can use pip. Open your terminal and run:

.. code-block:: shell
    
    pip install texthold

Features
--------

``texthold.Holder(data: Iterable = ()) -> None``
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

This subclass of datahold.OkayList stores text as a list of lines.

``data: list``
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

This property represents the lines of text.

``dump(stream: BinaryIO) -> None``
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

This method dumps the data into a byte stream.

``dumpintofile(file: Any) -> None``
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

This method dumps the data into a file.

``dumps() -> str``
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

This method dumps the data as a string.

``load(stream: BinaryIO) -> Self``
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

This classmethod loads a new instance from a given byte stream.

``loadfromfile(file: Any) -> Self``
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

This classmethod loads a new instance from a given file.

``loads(string: Any) -> Self``
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

This classmethod loads a new instance from a given string.

``texthold.test() -> unittest.TextTestRunner``
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

This project can be tested through its test function.

.. code-block:: python
    
    import texthold
    texthold.test()

License
-------

This project is licensed under the MIT License.

Links
-----

- Download: https://pypi.org/project/texthold/#files
- Index: https://pypi.org/project/texthold/
- Source: https://github.com/johannes-programming/texthold/
- Website: https://texthold.johannes-programming.online/

Impressum
---------

**Johannes Programming**

- Name: Johannes
- Email: johannes.programming@gmail.com
- Homepage: https://www.johannes-programming.online/
- Gravatar: https://www.johannes-programming.fyi/