Introduction
------------

This project provides a class that holds text.

Installation
------------

To install ``texthold``, you can use ``pip``.
Open your terminal and run:

.. code-block:: shell

    pip install texthold

Typing
------

The typing conforms strictly to ``mypy``.

Features
--------

``texthold.TextHolder(data: Iterable = (), /)``
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
This subclass of ``datahold.BaseDataList[str]`` and ``datahold.DataList[object]`` stores lines of text.

``__slots__ = ()``
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

``__hash__ = None``
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

``data: tuple[str, ...]``
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

This ``property`` represents the lines of text.

``dump(stream: BinaryIO, /) -> None``
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

This method dumps the data into a byte stream.

``dumpintofile(file: Any, /) -> None``
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

This method dumps the data into a ``file``.

``dumps() -> str``
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

This method dumps the data as a string.

``load(stream: BinaryIO, /) -> Self``
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

This ``classmethod`` loads a new instance from a given byte stream.

``loadfromfile(file: Any, /) -> Self``
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

This ``classmethod`` loads a new instance from a given ``file``.

``loads(string: Any, /) -> Self``
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

This ``classmethod`` loads a new instance from a given string.

Testing
-------

This project can be tested through its ``run_tests.py`` script
which runs the tests in its ``tests/`` dir.

License
-------

This project is licensed under the MIT License.

Links
-----

- Download: https://pypi.org/project/texthold/#files
- Index: https://pypi.org/project/texthold/
- Source: https://github.com/johannes-programming/texthold/
- Website: https://texthold.johannes-programming.online/

Impressum
---------

**Johannes Programming**

- Name: Johannes
- Email: johannes.programming@gmail.com
- Homepage: https://www.johannes-programming.online/
- Gravatar: https://www.johannes-programming.fyi/
